#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
-e file:../../.#egg=flytekitplugins-awsbatch&subdirectory=plugins/flytekit-aws-batch
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
-e file:../../.#egg=flytekitplugins-pod&subdirectory=plugins/flytekit-k8s-pod
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
-e file:../../.#egg=flytekitplugins-spark&subdirectory=plugins/flytekit-spark
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
adlfs==2023.10.0
    # via flytekit
aiobotocore==2.5.4
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   flytekitplugins-spark
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.29.5
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.15.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.19.0
    # via adlfs
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
botocore==1.31.17
    # via aiobotocore
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via flytekit
cookiecutter==2.4.0
    # via flytekit
croniter==2.0.1
    # via flytekit
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
dataclasses-json==0.5.9
    # via flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via gcsfs
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via flytekit
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via flytekit
docker==6.1.3
    # via flytekit
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via flytekit
flyteidl==1.10.6
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   flytekit
    #   flytekitplugins-spark
flytekit==1.10.1
    # via
    #   flytekitplugins-awsbatch
    #   flytekitplugins-pod
    #   flytekitplugins-spark
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.9.2
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
gcsfs==2023.9.2
    # via flytekit
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via flytekit
google-api-core==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.13.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.59.3
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.59.3
    # via flytekit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via cookiecutter
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via flytekit
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via flytekit
keyring==24.3.0
    # via flytekit
kubernetes==28.1.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   flytekitplugins-pod
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   flytekit
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
mashumaro==3.10
    # via flytekit
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
msal==1.25.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
natsort==8.4.0
    # via flytekit
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   marshmallow
pandas==1.5.3
    # via flytekit
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via flyteidl
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via flytekit
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.1
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via flytekit
pyspark==3.5.0
    # via flytekitplugins-spark
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
regex==2023.10.3
    # via docker-image-py
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   msal
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.7.1
    # via flytekit
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2023.9.2
    # via flytekit
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via flytekit
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   flytekit
    #   mashumaro
    #   rich-click
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
wheel==0.41.3
    # via flytekit
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
yarl==1.9.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
