#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
-e file:.#egg=flytekit
    # via -r requirements.in
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
adlfs==2023.10.0
    # via flytekit
aiobotocore==2.5.4
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipython
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   hypothesis
autoflake==2.2.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
azure-core==1.29.5
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.15.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.18.3
    # via adlfs
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
botocore==1.31.17
    # via aiobotocore
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via flytekit
codespell==2.2.6
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
cookiecutter==2.4.0
    # via flytekit
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
croniter==2.0.1
    # via flytekit
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.5.9
    # via flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via flytekit
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
docker==6.1.3
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via flytekit
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
execnet==2.0.2
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.13.1
    # via virtualenv
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
flyteidl==1.10.0
    # via flytekit
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.9.2
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
gcsfs==2023.9.2
    # via flytekit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==3.13.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.22.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.13.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.59.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-status==1.59.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
hypothesis==6.88.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
identify==2.5.31
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.17.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   keyrings-alt
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via cookiecutter
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   flytekit
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via flytekit
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keyring==24.2.0
    # via flytekit
keyrings-alt==5.0.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
kubernetes==28.1.0
    # via flytekit
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.1
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   flytekit
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
mashumaro==3.10
    # via flytekit
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
msal==1.25.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.6.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pandas==1.5.3
    # via flytekit
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
pre-commit==3.5.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.18.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.22.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via flyteidl
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via flytekit
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.21.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-timeout==2.2.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-xdist==3.4.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   pre-commit
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   msal
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
rich==13.6.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.7.1
    # via flytekit
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2023.9.2
    # via flytekit
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
scipy==1.11.3
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   azure-core
    #   google-pasta
    #   isodate
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.1 ; python_version < "3.11" and (platform_machine != "arm64" or platform_system != "Darwin")
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
torch==1.12.1 ; python_version >= "3.11" or platform_system != "Windows"
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-croniter==2.0.0.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-mock==5.1.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-protobuf==4.24.0.4
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   flytekit
    #   mashumaro
    #   mypy
    #   rich-click
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.24.6
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.3
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   tensorflow
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
