#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e file:.#egg=flytekitplugins-deck
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.2.2
    # via jinja2-time
attrs==21.4.0
    # via visions
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
checksumdir==1.2.0
    # via flytekit
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via flytekit
cookiecutter==1.7.3
    # via flytekit
croniter==1.3.4
    # via flytekit
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.6
    # via flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via flytekit
diskcache==5.4.0
    # via flytekit
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.13
    # via flytekit
flyteidl==0.23.0
    # via flytekit
flytekit==0.30.3
    # via flytekitplugins-deck
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via matplotlib
googleapis-common-protos==1.55.0
    # via flyteidl
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via flytekit
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
importlib-metadata==4.11.2
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jinja2-time
    #   pandas-profiling
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via cookiecutter
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
keyring==23.5.0
    # via flytekit
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.6
    # via flytekitplugins-deck
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   pandas-profiling
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
missingno==0.5.1
    # via pandas-profiling
multimethod==1.7
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via typing-inspect
natsort==8.1.0
    # via flytekit
networkx==2.7.1
    # via visions
numpy==1.22.2
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
packaging==21.3
    # via matplotlib
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.1.0
    # via flytekitplugins-deck
phik==0.12.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
plotly==5.6.0
    # via flytekitplugins-deck
poyo==0.5.0
    # via cookiecutter
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via flyteidl
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via flytekit
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via flytekit
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.2.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pandas-profiling
regex==2022.3.2
    # via docker-image-py
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   responses
responses==0.18.0
    # via flytekit
retry==0.9.2
    # via flytekit
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   grpcio
    #   imagehash
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via flytekit
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via pandas-profiling
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   pydantic
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   requests
    #   responses
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
wheel==0.37.1
    # via flytekit
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata
